1. Enter the number of hours it took you to complete the project between
   the <<< and >>> signs below (eg, <<<10>>>).

   <<<10+>>>
   
2. Enter the difficulty level (1: very easy; 5: very difficult) of the project
   between the <<< and >>> signs below (eg, <<<3>>>).

   <<<5>>>

3. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Long and Double Basic Types): I initialized the long and double 
                                            just like the int was created for 
                                            us. Afterwards I made the changed 
                                            needed for each one of them. For 
                                            example for double, I had to check 
                                            if the type was a double. However I 
                                            was unable to make it work. The 
                                            first issue was the fact that I 
                                            kept getting "type double not equal 
                                            to type int" Then when I tired to 
                                            make changes in the JVariable 
                                            according to a post in piazza, 
                                            new types of errors came up

   Problem 2 (Operators): The operators were fairly simple. Since all the 
                          operators were initialized and created in the previous
                          projects, all I had to do was edit the codegen and 
                          analyse of each one of them. Along the way, I
                          encountered only one error and it was the "!=" 
                          operator. Turns out that I had initialized that 
                          operator in two different locations (JAssignment.java 
                          and JComparison.java) which ended up producing an 
                          error. But once I removed the one in JAssignment, 
                          all the operators worked as intended. I also made some
                          operators work for double and long. The analyse and 
                          codegen were easy as they were essentially a copy of 
                          each other. In the analyse we had to tell the program 
                          what type the input is and in the codegen, we simply 
                          created a function that does what each token is meant 
                          to do.
   
   Problem 3 (Conditional Expression): Like the previous problem, most of the 
                                       work needed for conditional expression to
                                       work was done in prevous projects. All I
                                       had to do was the codegen and analyse. 
                                       In analyse, I checked the type of each 
                                       input that I created (the private 
                                       variables). Here I found out that the 
                                       was an error in the way I initialized 
                                       some of my variables as the .type() 
                                       method didn't want to work. To fix that 
                                       issue, I had to change all my JStatement 
                                       variables into JExpression. Then I 
                                       checked their types. I also had (after
                                       talking to the professor) to make sure 
                                       that the types of my true and false cases
                                       were the same. I also added an if 
                                       statement that check if the input is null
                                       because I kept on getting the null error
                                       and that seemed to take care of it. For 
                                       the codegen, using the one given to us in
                                       the while-loop, I made it work. 
                                       Essentially what it does is created two 
                                       strings to store the output. Then I make
                                       the check and return the string that 
                                       correspond to it.

   Problem 4 (Switch Statement): I was not able to make it work since I wasn't 
                                 able to make it work in the previous projects

   Problem 5 (Do-While Statement): For the DO-While, I made the codegen and 
                                   analyse similar to the while loop given to us
                                   since they essentially do the same thing. 
                                   To avoid any null error, I added if 
                                   statement to check if the variables are null
                                   If not, they would be analysed. Just like in
                                   the while loop, I made sure that the 
                                   "condtion" variable was a boolean. The 
                                   codegen for this problem is very similar
                                   to the while loop as they essentially do the 
                                   same thing. In it, two strings were created 
                                   to store the result and once the boolean 
                                   codition is met, the output is returned. 

   Problem 6 (For Statement): Like the previous problems, all I have to edit is
                              the codegen and analyse since everything else was
                              done in previous projects. However, I was not
                              able to make it was since I keep getting the same 
                              error. The similar question was posted on piazza 
                              and according to it, a local context must be 
                              created to store the "i". I tried creating a 
                              local context using one that was created in 
                              Block.java as a reference but for now it only 
                              compiles but I keep getting the same error. 

   Problem 7 (Break Statement): I was not able to make it work since I wasn't 
                                able to make it work in the previous projects

   Problem 8 (Continue Statement): I was not able to make it work since I wasn't 
                                   able to make it work in the previous projects

   Problem 9 (Exception Handlers): I was not able to make it work since I wasn't 
                                   able to make it work in the previous projects

   Problem 10 (Interface Type Declaration): I was not able to make it work since
                                            I wasn't able to make it work in the
                                            previous projects

4. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS451/651 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   ...                ...          ...

5. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   ...
